# Personal Digital Assistant
When search engines were introduced to the world, they were made for everyone so that everyone can find anything they need among the billions of things in the world. With that came the modern technological revolution, where the growth rate of information skyrocketed to new heights. Then the world was introduced to Personal Digital Assistant. The objective of Personal Digital Assistant in short was to make things simpler and convenient for users. As the world is moving towards Artificial Intelligence because of its unknown capabilities and possibilities, the world is already investing billions of dollars on it. The Personal Digital Assistant is a metalayer of intelligence that sits on the top of other services and applications and performs actions using these services and applications to fulfil the user’s intent. Nowadays, Personal Digital Assistant makes use of some of core set of technologies, such as Machine Learning, Speech Recognition, Language Understanding, Question-Answering, Dialog Management, Language Generation, Text to Speech Synthesis, Data Mining, Analytics, Inference and Personalisation.
Personal Digital Assistants are built to help user get things done like setting up an alarm, reminder, meetings, taking notes or creating list and provide easy access to personal/external structured data, web service and application like finding the user’s documents, locating a place, making reservations or playing a music. They also assist the user in his/her daily schedule and routine by serving notifications and alerts based on contextual information, such as time, user’s location and feeds or information produced by various web services, given the user’s interest like commute alerts to/from work, meeting reminders or concert suggestions. Collectively these functionalities are expected to make the users more productive in managing his/her work and personal life.
